docs: add info on clearing migrations (close #5372) (#6015)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/core/migrations/advanced/resetting-migrations.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Resetting Hasura migrations
   :keywords: hasura, docs, migration, reset migrations, clear migrations

.. _reset_migration:

Reset Hasura migrations

> ==============================

Reviewer: Underline should be the same length than the title.

Author: Great

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

> If you have a lot of migrations and you need to squash them or your current migration state on the local machine is corrupted, you can reset the state and create new migrations from the state that is on the server.

Reviewer: Can we have this as a section with the title `Introduction`?

Author: Yes.

Step 1: Delete the local migrations

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Let's use top level titles (with this type of underline: `------` as explained in the [docs wiki](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/wiki/How-to-write-docs-pages).

Author: Thanks for calling my attention to it.

> In the local migrations directory, delete all its contents using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the local ``migrations`` directory, delete all its contents using the following command:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   rm migrations/*

Step 2: Reset the migration history on the server
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

On the SQL tab of the console, run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

   TRUNCATE hdb_catalog.schema_migrations;

Step 3: Pull the schema and metadata from server
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We will set up fresh migrations by pulling the schema and metadata from the server using the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

   ## create migration files - "this will only export public schema from postgres"

   hasura migrate create "init" --from-server

.. code-block:: bash

   ## note down the version
   ## mark the migration as applied on this server

   hasura migrate apply --version "<version>" --skip-execution

> 

Reviewer: Let's add this info from the blogpost too:

```
If you are using schemas other than public, use --schema "schema_name" flag to indicate each one of them in the create command. This flag can be used multiple times.
```

Step 4: Verify the status of the migrations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Run the following command to verify status of migration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to verify the migration status:
```

.. meta::
   :description: Resetting Hasura migrations
   :keywords: hasura, docs, migration, reset migrations, clear migrations

.. _reset_migration:

Reset Hasura migrations
=======================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Introduction
------------

> If you have a lot of migrations and you need to squash them or your current migration state on the local machine is corrupted, you can reset the state and create new migrations from the state that is on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to reset the state of migrations and create new migrations from the state that is on the server. This can be useful if the current migration state on your local machine is corrupted.
```

Reviewer: Explanation: since this blog post came out, we have introduced a command to squash migration. Therefore, we shouldn't name it here as a scenario for this.

Step 1: Delete the local migrations
-----------------------------------

In the local ``migrations`` directory, delete all its contents using the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

   rm migrations/*

Step 2: Reset the migration history on the server
-------------------------------------------------

On the SQL tab of the console, run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

   TRUNCATE hdb_catalog.schema_migrations;

> Step 3: Pull the schema and metadata from server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3: Pull the schema and metadata from the server
```

> ---------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------------------------------
```

> ------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------------------
```
